[Appliance Upgrade] Add instructions to ensure domain and licence matches during 10.17 to 10.18 upgrade (#3897)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/edge/edge-update-bundle/migration-1017-to-1018.md

{{< c8y-admon-important >}}
If you have both the Edge 10.17 and Edge 10.18 appliances on the same host machine, ensure that the IP addresses of both appliances are different.

> After installing Edge 10.18 appliance, configure the Edge domain and license to match those of the older Edge Appliance VM you are migrating. For detailed steps, refer to [Configuring Edge] (/edge/edge-configuration)

Reviewer: Install the Edge 10.18 appliance with the domain and license to match those of the older Edge Appliance VM you are migrating.

{{< /c8y-admon-important >}}

> 1. Refer to [Configuring the Edge infrastructure](/edge/edge-infrastructure/) for detailed instructions on importing the Edge 10.18 appliance.

Reviewer: A note here would be ideal, stating that they should use the Edge domain and license same as that of the Edge 10.17 instance.

If you have both the Edge 10.17 and Edge 10.18 appliances on the same host machine, ensure that the IP addresses of both appliances are different.
{{< /c8y-admon-important >}}

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}

> Install the Edge 10.18 appliance with the domain and license to match those of the older Edge Appliance VM you are migrating. For detailed steps, refer to [Installing Edge] (/edge/edge-installation)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Install the Edge 10.18 appliance with the domain and license to match those of the older Edge Appliance VM you are migrating. For detailed steps, refer to [Installing Edge](/edge/edge-installation).
```

> Install the Edge 10.18 appliance with the domain and license to match those of the older Edge Appliance VM you are migrating. For detailed steps, refer to [Installing Edge](/edge/edge-installation).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Install the Edge 10.18 appliance with the same domain and license as those of the older Edge Appliance VM you are migrating. For detailed steps, refer to [Installing Edge](/edge/edge-installation).
```
